  Adult BMI Assessment (ABA)
	This measure assesses the percentage of members 18–74 years of age who had an outpatient office visit and had their body mass index (BMI) documented during the measurement year or the year before the measurement year. 
	Taken literally, this means the doc is penalized for the patient not having a visit right?
	Not clear is BMI will have to be calculated from height & wieght of if it will be provided (BMI = kg/m2 where kg is a person's weight in kilograms and m2 is their height in metres squared.)

Weight Assessment and Counseling for Nutrition and Physical Activity for Children/ Adolescents (WCC)
		This measure assesses the percentage of members 3–17 years of age who had an outpatient visit with a primary care practitioner/OB-GYN and who had evidence of BMI percentile documentation, counseling for nutrition and counseling for physical activity during the measurement year. 
		Because BMI norms for youth vary with age and gender, BMI percentiles rather than absolute BMI must be determined. The cut-off values to define the heaviest children are the 85th and 95th percentiles. In adolescence, as maturity is approached, the 85th percentile roughly approximates a BMI of 25, which is the cut-off for overweight in adults. The 95th percentile roughly approximates a BMI of 30 in the adolescent near maturity, which is the cut-off for obesity in adults. The cut-off recommended by an expert committee to define overweight (BMI >95th percentile) is a conservative choice designed to minimize the risk of misclassifying non-obese children. 
		How do you measure the counseling part?
		
Childhood Immunization Status (CIS)
	This measure assesses the percentage of children who became 2 years old during the measurement year and who had received these vaccinations on or before 2 years of age: four diphtheria-tetanus-acellular pertussis (DTAP); three polio (IPV); one measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR); three H influenza type B (HiB); three hepatitis B (HepB); one chicken pox (VZV); four doses of pneumococcal conjugate (PCV); one hepatitis A (HepA); two or three rotavirus (RV); and two influenza (flu) vaccines. This measure follows the CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) guidelines for immunizations.
	
Immunizations for Adolescents (IMA)
	This measure assesses the percentage of adolescents 13 years of age during the measurement year who had received the following vaccinations on or before their 13th birthday: one dose of meningococcal vaccine, one tetanus, diphtheria toxoids and acellular pertussis (Tdap) vaccine and three doses of human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine. This measure follows the CDC/ACIP guidelines for immunizations.
	
Lead Screening in Children (LSC)
	This measure assesses the percentage of children 2 years of age who received one or more capillary or venous blood tests for lead poisoning on or before their second birthday.
	
Breast Cancer Screening (BCS)
	This measure looks at whether female members are being screened for breast cancer. It assesses the percentage of women between 50 and 74 years of age who had a mammogram to screen for breast cancer.
	
Cervical Cancer Screening (CCS)
	The percentage of women 21–64 years of age who were appropriately screened for cervical cancer using either of the following criteria:
•	Women age 21–64 who had cervical cytology performed every 3 years.
•	Women age 30–64 who had cervical cytology/human papillomavirus (HPV) co-testing performed every 5 years.
	Do you just check the last 3-5 years? How far back do you look?
	
Colorectal Cancer Screening (COL)
	This measure is based on several organizations’ clinical guidelines—USPSTF,  ACS  and AHRQ/American Gastroenterological Association.  It assesses whether adults 50–75 years of age have had appropriate screening for colorectal cancer (CRC). “Appropriate screening” is defined by meeting any one of the screening methods below:
•	Fecal occult blood test (FOBT) during the measurement year.
•	Flexible sigmoidoscopy during the measurement year or the four years before the measurement year.
•	Colonoscopy during the measurement year or the nine years before the measurement year.

Chlamydia Screening in Women (CHL)
	This measure assesses the percentage of sexually active women 16–24 years of age who were screened for chlamydia.
	The specifications for this measure are consistent with current clinical guidelines, such as those of the USPSTF.
	Is this over the measure year? Timeframe??

Care for Older Adults (COA)
	This measure assesses the percentage of adults 66 years and older who had each of the following during the measurement year:
•	Advance care planning.
•	Medication review.	
•	Functional status assessment.
•	Pain assessment.
	Theres a good bit more info clear, it doesn't lay out a clear spec though. More research will be needed.

 